Add
Add...
BUSY...
Cancel
Choose Directory
Choose File
Close
DDS > PNG
KTX2 > DDS
PNG > DDS
PNG > KTX2
Delete
Edit
Edit...
At least the sim type must be set.
The disk is full
File not found
Could not parse result
An unknown error occured in a local operation
No configuration given
At least the airplane name and the livey name must be set.
Lost internet connection
The request timed out
Could not parse result
An unknown error occured in a remote operation
Field not known in configuration
False
Field is not set.
Import Settings From Image Tool
Foo bar baz
Airplane name
Airplanes
Dry Run
Flag HQ albedo
Flag HQ Decal
Flag force no alpha albedo
Flag force no alpha decal
ImageToMSFSKTX2 directory
Layoutgenerator tool executable
Livery name
Language
Main library root directory
Model textures directory
NVIDIA texturetool executable
Package directory
Package texture directory
Project root directory
MSFS SDK root directory
Simulation type
Texture format
Texture types
German
English
Spanish
French
Italian
Turkish
About
Help
Language
New project...
Ok
Search
Search...
Show details...
Error Output
Output
Airplanes
Configuration
Projects
Delete item
Info
The name of the airplane you want to create a livery. # Should be unique across all your projects. # If you work on multiple liveries for the airplane make sure that the name is consistent across your projects.
The names of all airplanes you work on.
Browse directories.
Browse files.
Flag HQ albedo
Flag HQ Decal
Flag force no alpha albedo
Flag force no alpha decal
ImageToMSFSKTX2 directory
Layoutgenerator tool executable. # As this is just thrown anywhere in your filesystem
The name of the livery project you are working on. # Should be unique across all liveries for an airplane.
Language
The root directory of your main library of addons # or where you store your final packages for delivery. # This is used as start directory for file choosers.
The texture directory of your blender (or whatever you work with) project. # This is the directory where your models textures live in form of png files.
NVIDIA texturetool executable. # This is mandatory and needed to convert textures from any sim format to png. # Default is C:/Program Files/NVIDIA Corporation/NVIDIA Texture Tools/nvtt_export.exe
Open in explorer.
The root directory of the add on structure within you main library.
The directory of the texture folder within your package.
The root directory of your blender projects # or where ever you story your liveries. # This is used as start directory for file choosers.
Field is not editable.
MSFS SDK root directory. # If you used ImageToMSFSKTX2 before this is also imported when you click the import button. # The sdk is mandatory if you work on projects using KTX2 as images converted # with the nvidia tool will not work in the sim. # Default is C:/MSFS 2024 SDK
The store you are using. # One of microsoft or steam. # The default is microsoft.
The texture format your project works with in MSFS2024. # DDS or KTX2. # This value is calculated automatically from the package texture directory.
The texture types you want to include in the conversions. # MSFS packages can contain a lot of textures and normally we only work on #  albedo (ALBD) and composition (COMP) files. # So most times you want to select ALBD and COMP. # If your project does not make use of metallic colors you can safely choose ALBD only.
True
Do you really want to delete this item?.
No projects.